# Ready-Set-Banquet-Restaurant
  *Ready, Set, Banquet! is an establishment which acts as a restaurant serving Indian ,chinese ,Italian and thai cuisines.A number of Locals and tourists in the city enjoy these cuisines daliy because the taste of dishes prepared by Ready, Set, Banquet! has unique taste while preserving their exotic flovor .Our belief is that customer satisfaction is as important as the lusciousness of food. Our ambition is to attract customers to our restaurant and offer services like online booking and also showing customers the features and menus we offer.


  *The cost to attract a new customer is costlier than retaining the old customer. Therefore, there is an argument that for a business, existing customer is worthier than a new customer. In this industry, a customer is likely to return to the restaurant in the future if they received an excellent customer service as well as appetizing food. However, if they had to wait for an unreasonable amount of time or there was a mistake in the order, it’s very unlikely the customer would return. Our staff consists of large number of people to ensure that all the customers get their order in a reasonable amount of time and leave satisfied. We also take customer review before they leave so that we can know if the customer faced any issues or felt uncomfortable in presence of our staff or any other customer, if something like this is found we ensure that such an incident doesn’t happen again.

Our ambition for making this website is to attract new customers to the website and offer services like online booking and menu. The customer can book a table and browse through the menu online from the comfort of their own homes The customer can see the cuisines we offer and what we offer in the menu. The restaurant offers discount up to 25% when more than four people visit together.

We used many HTML tags like: div, span, anchor, heading, paragraph, image, ul, li, form etc. We also learned how to use id, class, src, pre, input, label, text-align, footer etc.
We also used many CSS properties like margin, padding, grid, color, height, width, align, transition, transform, position, font, font- size, font- family ,etc. and the CSS background properties like background- image, background- color, background- attachment, background- position, background- repeat, background- size. We also learned how to use CSS border properties like border- style, border- color and border- radius. We also learned how to apply properties on links such as hover, visited, active.
